Mind Palace
======

This repository is for practicing html and css in addition to build up my perosnal website. **Mind Palace** is a terminology for a method of memory. This website is to organize various subjects of interest I have been explored. I would like to find something that could bind the different subjects altogether.
For example, Mark Rothko, one of my favorite artists, said that arts values in expressing emotions. I love his dedication to proving the value of the nature of beauty that he believed. A great novel, *The Old Man and The Sea*, also shows a man following an answer from inside. I can find the similar aspect in a film. *The Dead Poets Society* and a poem , *O me, O life* of Walt Whitman, which introduced in that film. Likewise, regardless of the area, from those works people can appreciate a certain aspect of human beings. <br>
I could find this feature in a life of economist. There are enormous social problems in the world but every economist has only a couple of certain topics of interest and they search for the potential cause of that phanomenon. One's perspective on human beings and values are inevitably intervened in this research process. Thus, I see that living as an economist is similar with the life of Mark Rothko, the old man in the novel and the one described in the film and poem. <br>
Economics, arts and literature are seemingly different but, indeed, they meet at some point. [Mind Palace](https://huiren-j.github.io/mindpalace) would be the space where they are meeting.
